what are you doing here feed who are you
I don't normally see your type around
here
I'm captain Finney and fish in that
special fighting pose captain ginyu
weight from the ginyu force
ah I see you're here to join the force
you should have said so
Yeah right okay maybe but if I joined
your team you have to make me the leader
you're piccolo my rights yeah that's my
name
what did you come
you're looking to die you come back as a
good guy no you're still a villain like
you
then I'm guessing if you're the one
who's changed the world you've chosen
I'll defeat you and return the earth
back to normal
yes you do have a death wish and I'd be
happy to oblige
I can't lose I need to change the world
back here
good you finally awake
all right I won't hold back this time
come on
they gotta be around here
are you looking for something
yeah this tool there was a pair you're
looking for the dragon box you know them
hmm a pair you said so what will you do
when you get these dragon balls these
dragon balls are supposed to grant a
wish I'll collect them and fix this
world did you hear that 18 yeah I heard
17 17 and 18 Android ha let me guess
you're looking for the Dragon Balls
argue yes we've already found two of
them in fact
with this dragon radar of Oz they're
actually pretty easy fun you already
have to be a pal and hand him over
what yeah then I'll save the world for
you